Welcome to the Ocean Studio here as part
of the Yahowah vlog.
My pleasure to be with you.
We're also here with the Wookie.
I've got Asher at my feet.
So we've got a full cast of characters
Rich at the controls today.
Thank you for listening.
We're going to return to the conclusion.
We're now just past the halfway mark and
the
beautiful psalm or song that Dowd wrote.
This is part of his restoration where he
is acknowledging that God has been kind to
him, has chosen to favor him,
and
He's back in good graces with Yahowah and
ready to commence the mission at hand.
I think we're doing a little adjustment
here of the angle on our camera so
that I guess we had a slight mishap,
but hopefully it's good now.
Anyway,
we're going to return in the midst of
the ninth
Mizmowr
It's beautifully written.
One of the things that we learned when
we were last here,
I think it was on Friday midday,
was that Dowd said that he was celebrating
the death of a son.
And we were having a heck of a
time trying to figure it out.
who that might be and why he would
do that, because he, of course,
cried uncontrollably over the death of
Absalom,
even though that was something actually to
be celebrated.
Absalom was a horrible son and led a
terrible coup against his father,
and he needed to go.
Dowd was very sad,
as he would naturally expect him to be,
with the death of his firstborn son.
The son that lived to be an adult
was also killed,
but that was such a tragic situation.
We'd never celebrate that.
He was killed because he had raped one
of Dowd's daughters' son.
I mean, involved in incest,
raping a daughter, you know,
a double mistake.
So he would not have celebrated that.
And we know that there'd be no way
that he would celebrate the death of the
child that he had initially through
Bathsheba when it was stricken and died
within weeks of birth.
So we were scratching our heads saying,
gosh,
this is really unusual for him to be
celebrating the death of his son.
But the son whose death he's celebrating
can only be one of two individuals.
It's either he's celebrating his own in
the sense of he's going to offer his
Basar body as the Passover lamb.
And he recognized that at the Son of
God,
that is an exceedingly
Worthy thing to do and absolutely worth
celebrating.
But he's not speaking of himself in first
person here.
So while that's interesting symbolically,
it's more likely that he is celebrating
the death of the son himself.
second unto him, if you will,
who is giving his life on Taruwah.
Again,
his physical body is not offering his
soul.
His soul will live on,
as did Dowd's when he fulfilled Passover.
But he is celebrating the life of Yada.
His
adopted father, actually,
who has been so instrumental in his
recovery as we are learning through the
thirty-first Mashal of Proverbs,
and as we'll learn through all of the
Proverbs.
And, of course,
we're being reacquainted with that reality
through the eighty-ninth Mizmowr,
which is spectacular in this regard.
So,
I think that's what he's celebrating
because he not only was instrumental in
helping Dowd recover,
but also instrumental in offering his life
at an important time that there is a
mortal remnant of Yisrael ready to accept
Dowd upon his return.
So let's just talk a bit about who
Dowd is,
about
who will be there when he returns and
why all this matters before we reconvene
in the Psalm.
There is such clutter in the world today,
largely as the result of religion,
such that almost no one,
I would say there are far less than
a thousand people on the planet and the
number could well be into the
very few hundreds who know and accept
Yahowah's pronouncements,
that it's Dowd who the world calls David.
It's just a mispronunciation of his name.
It's Dowd.
He is the Messiah.
And when there is a discussion of a
Messiah of any importance,
with God.
It's Dowd, period.
End of conversation.
There are no others.
Which means that there could not have been
a Jesus Christ.
There's no mention of a Jesus in any
prophecy.
There's no mention of a Christ in any
And the only prophecy that even suggests
there will be a returning Mashyach was
spoken by Dowd as Gabriel.
And he was speaking of himself.
And he was actually addressing the
fulfillment of Chag Matsah.
The day that he gave is the fulfillment
of the seven days of Chag Matsah in
thirty three C.E.
or four thousand.
Yeah,
that can't apply to this mythical Jesus
Christ because he had nothing to do with
Chag Matsah.
Nothing.
And if you don't understand Chag Matsah
and you make no mention of it,
then it can't be you.
There is no Jesus Christ.
It's all a product of identity theft.
It's Dowd as the Messiah.
There's this myth that if you were to
ask who's the son of God and,
you know,
ninety percent of people
would offer Jesus.
Even if they're Muslim,
they'll recognize the claim that Jesus is
the son of God,
but that's not true either,
not according to God.
According to God,
he's only one man that he overtly states
is important to recognize as his son.
He calls him his Bakowr, firstborn son,
and he says, he is my son,
I am his father, three times.
All three times he names him.
Even when we read in Yashayah that a
child will be born,
a son will be given,
the name that's ascribed to that son is
right there in the text staring you in
the face.
It's Dowd.
There was no Jesus as a son of
God.
It's Dowd.
According to God,
he said it innumerable times.
There's at least four that we've
covered and he says it of no one
else. Likewise according to god the chosen
one is Dowd the king who is returning
is Dowd the one who enabled the benefits
of the covenant therefore fulfilled Pesach
Matsah and Bikuwrym is Dowd the prophet is
Dowd uh the one who is called Elyown
the
The total projection of the hand and
influence of God in our world, Elyown,
is Dowd.
The greater luminary of Genesis four,
excuse me,
the fourth day of creation in Genesis one
is Dowd.
The tree of lives in the garden, Dowd.
prophet who will be from among your people
who will be so extraordinary that you need
to look forward to and appreciate that is
presented in Deuteronomy eighteen of the
Towrah.
He's the one.
It's just the way it is to claim
anything else is to call God a liar.
That's something that he says emphatically
in the eighty ninth
Psalm so Dowd is the former king of
israel he's the messiah he's the son of
god he the prophet great defender of his
people he's the chosen one and he's the
one in his second of three lives fulfilled
passover Matsah and firstborn children
Bikuwrym
He wrote about his fulfillment of
Passover,
speaking of specifically how crucifixion
kills.
Medically,
three thousand years before we understood
that,
six hundred years before crucifixion even
existed,
five hundred years before there was even
an inkling of Rome.
It's in the twenty-second Mizmowr,
again in the eighty-eighth Mizmowr.
You're welcome to read them.
It should have been over right then.
As soon as we found amongst the Dead
Sea Scrolls evidence that this preceded
the actual crucifixion that's recorded in
thirty three CE,
the myth of Jesus should have been over.
Dowd wrote it in first person.
And so really the greatest,
most important discovery in human history
pursuant to life, pursuant to who we are,
why we're here,
pursuant to a relationship with God.
pursuant to everything that actually
matters, is that Dowd is the Messiah,
the Chosen One, the Son of God,
our Savior, who fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in his second of three lives.
And he's returning in twenty-thirty-three
on Yom Kipurym,
which is October second at sunset in
Jerusalem, which is year six thousand YAH,
as King of forevermore and of everywhere.
There is no greater discovery than that,
and it's the one that we have made
manifest to you and proven in the
thirty-five books that I have written
under the title Yada Yahowah.
They're all available free for you to read
at YadaYah.com,
but you better get after it because you
don't have a lot of time left.
And this next harvest is a mature grain,
and you're not going to be mature unless
you really devote yourself to it and you
start now.
I ask nothing from you.
There is nothing you can give me.
I'm not interested in anything.
We do not take donations.
I'm not paid by anyone.
I am just here to be of service
to those who want to know who Yahowah
is and how the covenant's benefits are
brought to you by David.
So that's who he is.
The realization is then there was no
Jesus.
It's all a lie.
And I proved that in the five volumes
of the series called Twistianity.
Nearly four thousand pages of evidence
presented against the Christian religion
that prove emphatically that it's not
true.
And that Dowd is the answer.
All free again at YadaYah.com.
Who am I?
God had a lot to say.
about the role I'm playing,
whether or not you want to agree or
not,
whether it turns you off or builds your
confidence is not up to me.
That's up to you.
But I can tell you,
God had a lot to say about the
role I'm playing.
I didn't choose it.
I was chosen for it.
And it's everything from Nakar and Nakry,
which is observant foreigner, to Choter,
which is the
limb of the tree that serves as the
tree of knowledge,
reestablishing the access to the tree of
lives in the garden.
He is presented as the voice of God.
He is presented as the Basar, the herald.
He is presented as Yada,
as one who knows,
and there's upwards of a hundred
descriptive titles pursuant to him.
Throughout
God speaks of him as the final Zarowa
that is going to cultivate these two
remaining harvests.
He is the Adamah Parah,
who will lay down his life on behalf
of the remnant of Yisrael on Taruwah,
September,
September twenty-fourth of twenty thirty
three,
just ten days before Dowd's return with
Yahowah.
He happens to be the fellow that
Reintroduced Yahowah's name and proved that
it is pronounced Yahowah.
Again, thirty five books, all free,
all for your perusal.
They are there in PDF and page turner
formats at YadaYah.com.
They're free to you.
We won't even track whether or not you've
been to the site.
We don't ask for your email.
We ask for nothing from you.
You're free to come and go as you
would like.
You can even buy the paperback books
royalty-free at Amazon.
All your option.
That's who I am.
Now, who are you?
Are you someone who is actively involved
in what we're doing,
such that you can claim to be part
of the Covenant family?
That you have been observant.
You've paid attention to what God has
offered, what He has asked in return.
You understand and have accepted the five
terms and conditions of the covenant.
You have attended the invitations knowing
exactly how the fulfillment transpired for
Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym so that you receive the
benefits of the covenant.
You're anticipating the Shabuw'ah harvest
because you are mature in your standing
with God.
That you're
One of those who listens,
who reads the books, have read them,
most of them, certainly many of them,
some of you many, many times through,
that you're ready for that harvest.
How many of you there are,
not my business to know.
It's Yah's determination in that regard.
And I look forward to seeing you on
the Taruw'ah Harvest because, well,
we've got a lot of work to do.
And I'm excited about the team that I
know is committed and that is aware of
exactly who Yahowah is and what he expects
of us and what he wants to achieve.
We're ready to roll up our sleeves and
go to work, if you will.
One of the things that I want to
make clear, however,
is that there is no magic formula here.
There's no Cliff Notes version.
There's no making this easy.
I was talking to Rich just before the
program,
and he was bemoaning some of those now
who haven't read a book in years and
listen on and off during programs,
but
really make very little contribution.
And what they want is to be spoon-fed.
They want to be brought up to speed.
They want definitive answers on things
like, which Shabuw'ah is it going to be?
What do I need to do to prepare?
And, you know,
I don't even want to know.
I want to proceed like we'll get as
much as we possibly can done between now
and May, twenty second of this year.
If there's not a the imposition of a
Islamic state carved out of the heart of
Israel by this time as a result of
the malfeasance of either the United
States or Israel and attacking Iran that
leads to them suing in some form for
some kind of settlement,
and it ends that way,
or the petrodollar demands it.
Then we're going to be Taruw'ah of the
following year,
which is Shabuw'ah of the following year,
which is the eleventh of June of that
year.
I'm going to do everything I can to
have the stamina to continue,
and there's a lot to do over the
next
year plus a hundred days if that's the
case or you know we'll have as much
done as we can over the next hundred
days and uh and then rejoin the effort
uh come Passover and twenty thirty so that
we can broadcast the message really in
supernatural fashion from the temple mount
in Jerusalem over three and a half years
leading to the true harvest and to the
um return of
that mortal remnant of Yisrael and our
work to cause them to do a better
job
living up to God's expectations as we
return to the garden and have an
opportunity to serve as mentors and
teachers for that mortal remnant that
enters the celebration of Sukah after
Dowd returns as king.
So that gives you kind of an idea
as to where we are and the overall
Picture of things,
we're going to do our best to keep
you on track.
I think my Wookie wants to get down,
so we'll accommodate him.
even if he's stepped there a little bit
on Asher on the way down.
And now we're going to rejoin so that
you know this is who we're talking about.
And this is the event that he is
speaking about.
And as you can see, as we rejoin,
I think this is the thirteenth statement
of the ninth Mizmowr.
This is the last Psalm that is presented
in volume one.
of coming home should you want to follow
along, and it reads,
you have chosen to be generous to and
to favor me, chanan 'any.
This term is used a lot in association
with the relationship between Yahowah and
Dowd.
And God chose Dowd.
This is his guy,
the one that he anointed as Messiah,
the one he said,
I have chosen above all and beyond all
others,
the one that he claims is his son,
the one he's going to bring back as
king.
This is a rather important designation.
The one that Yahowah...
describes his generosity towards his
favoritism too.
It's almost always the same fella,
and it's Dowd/David.
Something to think about,
particularly in a world that is obsessed
with the myth of Jesus Christ,
who is never mentioned.
by choice this is again presented in the
imperative mode written in second person
which expresses the will of the person
being spoken to by choice you have seen
my tremendous dedication to accomplishing
the mission of being a witness and my
frustration over the abuse that I've
endured as a result of responding to and
uh accomplishing uh the goal oh boy isn't
that ever true it's 'ony 'any
um and 'ony is from anah um and
as anah it has a light and dark
side which i've tried to incorporate in
this translation uh anah primarily means
to be responsive to answer uh to reply
these are very positive things and
On the negative side,
it is to be afflicted, to be humiliated,
to be injured in some way,
to be abused.
And so Dowd had volunteered to be injured
during Pesach with his body serving as the
Passover lamb,
to be abused in the sense that he
was willing to carry our guilt into hell,
into Sheowl on Matsah.
And he was replying and saying to God,
you know, I'm going to do this.
You know that I'm committed to answering
your call in this way.
And I know you're pleased with my
dedication to accomplishing the mission
and serving as this witness and getting
this done in response and knowing that.
how difficult it's going to be.
And the biggest difficulty of all of
serving as the Passover lamb and then
carrying our guilt into hell on Matsah was
the response of his people.
Paul, as a Jew,
created the myth of Christianity to rob
Dowd of everything that he had
accomplished and even all of his titles.
And Rabbi Akiba did the same thing with
Bar Kokhba.
So
now the most popular religion in the world
is abusive towards what Down accomplished
you know a matter of fact the whole
myth of christ is anti-christ jesus is not
the christ if you want to pretend that
christ is a translation of
Messiah,
then the whole Jesus myth is exceedingly
anti-Messiah because the Messiah is Dowd
and Christianity exists to rob Dowd of
everything he is known by and has
accomplished.
So the religion itself is anti-Christ,
should you want to believe that Christ is
a substitute for Messiah.
So this is a,
I think it's a very profound thought.
And it says that God is protecting Dowd
from those who dislike and shun him.
And while there were those during his
life,
and he had to overcome a coup d'etat
against him.
And of course, then there was for years,
Sha'uwl who opposed him that,
During that time, he had to overcome that.
But the big crisis really for him was
agreeing to fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym and then have most of the
world turn against him.
And it wasn't until just ten years ago
when I came to realize that Dowd was
the Messiah, Son of God,
who fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym and could reestablish his
resume and his reputation that
everyone disliked him and shunned him for
these reasons.
And, you know,
Dowd brought this on himself to a very
large extent.
The Bathsheba episode and the subsequent
killing of Uriah, the light of Yah,
Bathsheba's husband.
And then Dowd
Getting mad at Yahowah for leaving him as
a result of this,
putting him in a long time out and
not even talking to him for the longest
period of time,
created the opportunity that Christians
and rabbinic Judaism's proponents
needed to replace him,
so that there's a replacement Messiah
coming for those practicing Judaism,
not Dowd returning.
And so there is a replacement Messiah in
Christianity being Jesus.
But the fact of the matter is God
never replaced Dowd.
Dowd ultimately returned to Yahowah.
and the relationship is as it is being
explained here in this uh Mizmowr he
says so as to lift me up on
high honoring and exalting me it's Dowd
who is the one who is lifted on
high he is the one honored and exalted
which is the opposite of what christianity
claims where they claim that he's in his
grave dead and buried and excluding from
heaven therefore
The claim of Christianity is every promise
that God made to Dowd applies to the
myth of Jesus Christ.
Well, if that's the case,
then why didn't God say that all of
these titles and accolades and prophecies
apply to Jesus Christ instead of saying
that they all apply to Dowd?
That's one of the flaws in Christianity,
is it not?
And it said, anyway,
from the gates of death is how it
ends.
Mizmowr song to be sung, uh, nine,
thirteen.
And that's where we ended our program.
Uh, I think it was Friday afternoon.
So as we continue on,
the next statement reads, as a result,
I have chosen to recount and to proclaim,
providing a
a written record of all of your
superlative accomplishments and adorable
characteristics and a song of appreciation
within the gates of the environs of Zion
of the signs posted along the way.
I will take great pleasure in rejoicing in
and celebrating your liberation,
deliverance, and salvation.
Psalm 9:14
Well, once again,
You can't be a thoughtful, rational,
informed individual and apply this to a
mythical Jesus Christ.
Because guess what happened?
Jesus never wrote anything down, did he?
So the written record of someone choosing
to speak of the greatness of Yahowah in...
And this subject,
which is him fulfilling the Mow'ed Miqra'ey for
our benefit and of Yahowah choosing to
favor him and honor him in this way.
The only written record of all of that
was written by Dowd again.
read any one of the first thirty-five
Mizmowr, they're all on this subject,
celebrate the twenty-second,
the eighty-eighth,
and of course the most spectacular of all
is the eighty-ninth.
And they all say that the person that
God chose and that he worked with,
his co-worker, the Messiah,
the Chosen One, the Son of God,
who enabled the benefits of the covenant
and therefore fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym is Dowd/David.
And he is the one who wrote so
many of these Psalms, most all of them,
proclaiming this,
fulfilling this very prophecy.
And no one else can make that claim
and it cannot be made of anyone else.
And he's saying of your superlative
accomplishments.
In Christianity,
they won't even say his name.
In Judaism,
they won't even say God's name.
How can you speak of God's superlative
accomplishments and his adorable
characteristics and a song of appreciation
if you erase his name?
It's Dowd.
Again,
this is within the doorway of the environs
of Zion.
There is no understanding of what Zion
represents in Christianity.
It's a complete abomination the way it's
presented in Judaism.
Zion
is described in the word itself.
It means signs posted along the way.
Zion itself is the ridgeline of Mount
Moriah as it comes from the Temple Mount
down to the city of Dowd.
And that is where Yahowah has posted for
us to read symbolically these signs that
are along the way from Dowd's home to
the covenant home on top of the Temple
Mount.
And it's knowing them that you come to
understand what Yahowah accomplished in
this place with His beloved Son.
So he goes and he says,
I will take great pleasure in rejoicing
and in celebrating your yashuw'ah,
your liberation, your deliverance,
your salvation.
He's from the verb Yasha.
And it is Yahowah in collaboration with
Dowd that provided our salvation.
There is no salvation whatsoever under any
circumstance for anyone at any time,
anywhere apart from God.
what Yahowah and Dowd accomplished in
fulfilling Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in year four thousand year and
thirty three CE.
Passover opens the door to life.
So if you want to enjoy eternal life,
you have to capitalize on Passover.
Matsah removes our guilt.
so that we appear innocent before God,
as Dowd carried our guilt and deposited it
in Sheowl on Matsah.
And Bikuwrym is the recognition that as a
result of Pesach and Matsah,
we become the very children of God.
It means firstborn children.
This is God's means of liberation,
of salvation.
It continues through Shabuw'ah,
which is a harvest of standing grain.
It's upcoming.
And then seven years from there of the
gleaning of Taruw'ah and the sacrifice of
the Adamah Parah to purge the mortal
remnant of
Yisrael,
who will have returned for the occasion
into Jerusalem so that they can witness
and celebrate the king's return,
Dowd's return with Yahowah on Kipurym
and then the earth is transformed in the
conditions experienced in Eden,
and we have a thousand years to enjoy
the garden and learn from our prior
mistakes to see the proper response to God
modeled so that we earn His respect,
and that He then can liberate us from
the constraints of our physical bodies and
this planet,
and we'll go off and explore the universe.
This is what He is celebrating.
So guess who's coming back?
Might it be the same guy who is
neither dead nor buried?
And sure seems as if he is going
to get the last laugh.
Is it not true?
And it's Dowd.
So let it be known that many of
Yahowah's greatest accomplishments were
achieved with his beloved son,
his chosen one, the king,
the one who is returning, our savior Dowd,
by working alongside his beloved son,
These,
which are the most satisfying things that
God has ever done, were accomplished.
And just as Yahowah has lifted his son
up and prays, extolling him,
above all others,
Dowd is returning the favor.
They had a mutual love for one another,
particularly upon Dowd's return to Yahowah
after the meltdown of the censure over
Bathsheba.
And this is something that I've mentioned
so many programs,
but I just want to reemphasize it.
There is this religious perception of
perfection that is hauntingly troubling.
and they there's this concept that well
they had to have a perfect um Adamah
Parah to serve as the sacrifice of
the red heifer so let's go find one
that's perfect no such thing as a perfect
bull or heifer or that the passover lamb
has to be perfect so you think they
were scrounging around egypt to say all
right who of you is perfect
Come here, calling all perfect sheep.
No, there is no such thing.
The word tamiym that is rendered perfect in
so many English Bibles doesn't mean that
at all.
It's based on tamim.
It means to finish the job.
It means to do what needs to be
done to accomplish the mission.
It is to fulfill the prophecy.
Dowd wasn't perfect,
and God doesn't want him to be perfect
because if you were perfect,
there'd be nothing to do.
There'd be no place to go, explore, learn,
benefit from.
There would be no way for you to
grow.
You couldn't be anything more than you
were born.
No reason to learn,
no reason to accomplish anything.
Nothing.
There'd be no interest because everybody
would be the same.
Perfect is stupid.
If you were perfect,
you could never make a mistake and learn
from it.
You could never trip and fall and prove
that you could get up.
There'd be no character, no substance,
no evidence you could ever be trusted.
Perfect is a waste of time.
God is not interested in it.
What he's interested in is finishing the
job.
Dowd agreed to finish the job.
He fulfilled Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
That's finishing the job.
He's returning his king,
taking responsibility for everybody going
forward.
That's finishing the job.
So Dowd is the most ideal from that
point of view because he's finishing.
That's what God wants of us.
That's what didn't happen in Eden.
When Adam and Chawah made a mistake,
they continued to double down.
They didn't ever take responsibility.
They never improved.
They never got back up.
and got going again.
That's what Dowd did.
That's what makes him the right person for
this job.
And so when Dowd returns with Yahowah,
he's going to be focused on the business
at hand.
He is going to be there to model
what it is to be a child of
God.
His lyrics and his life will continue to
serve as a living testament to all that
Yahowah intends for his children.
Wonderfully imperfect from the beginning,
Dowd's example exists as proof for us that
the Towrah's guidance is what makes us
appear so innocent before God.
No, it can't be improved.
It's God's way.
and thus not ours to alter.
This is his plan.
And Dowd and he together collaborated to
make it so.
It's ludicrous to dismiss it,
an abomination to change it as it's
changed in Christianity and Judaism.
Don't do that.
Listen to what God said
Capitalize upon it.
Don't change it.
Now,
this will all transpire within proximity
of Zion.
There is no merit, therefore,
to the Vatican,
or should there ever be antagonism towards
Zionists.
God's blessings were not transferred to
Christians or Americans,
and they will never be.
Well,
Down has been delivered from death and
freed from guilt.
The same is not true with the religious.
So this being the case,
it literally is impossible to justify the
absurd notion that the benefits to
Yisrael, the promises to Israel,
were somehow transferred to a Gentile
church.
Not only is there no statement about
suggesting that,
not even one hinting at it throughout the
Towrah, prophets and Psalms,
God expressly says exactly the opposite.
So here we are, the Gentiles,
the people with different ethnicities
within religious and political
affiliations based upon pagan practices,
essentially non-Yisraelites with an
aversion to Hebrew who congregate together
and act like zombies.
They will have sunk down and have been
embedded into the pit of destruction,
which they have fashioned into a trap.
Doesn't much sound like we're passing on
the promises that God made to Israel for
them to inherit this world and the
universe,
everything that God has to give and all
the benefits of the covenant,
and that ultimately a remnant of Israel
will be allowed back into the
garden conditions as the earth is
terraformed to that status,
when everything points to a return of
Yisrael,
Dowd is inspired to write that the gowym
will have sunk down and embedded
themselves into a pit of destruction.
And it says that they fashioned it as
their own trap.
to destroy themselves.
And then they concealed the evidence that
it was a trap.
Their feet and their every step are
captured in it.
And this is the nature of
Christianity and well, as well as Judaism,
it's a trap for the unthinking.
It's so easy to disprove both religions.
I've written ten books doing so.
I have pounded a thousand nails into the
coffin of Christianity and ten thousand
into the carcass of Islam.
No one knows and understands the myth of
Jesus or of Allah,
the idiocy of the Quran or New Testament
better than I do.
I'm here to say I prove it.
Go read either Twistianity,
the five volumes,
or the five volumes of Goddamn Religion
free at YadaYah.com if you don't think I'm
telling you the truth.
I know the nature of these lies.
And I have exposed and condemned them.
And I did so for your benefit because
you cannot approach God.
You cannot capitalize on anything that
Dowd has offered or that I am sharing
with you.
You can't be part of the covenant.
You cannot enter heaven unless you come to
know what it is that I have learned.
And that's why I offer it freely to
you.
So this is a blanket statement,
which means that most Gentiles will
descend into the pit of destruction,
their own souls either incarcerated or
annihilated.
As such,
the three leading Gentile belief systems,
Christianity, Marxism, Socialist,
Secular Humanism, if you will,
And Islam are nothing more than enticing
traps for billions of souls.
Supporting them makes one an accomplice to
murder if the advocacy is premeditated.
Listen.
I'm not saying that most believers are
going to hell.
I think most believers in Christianity,
Marxism, Socialism, and Islam,
their souls will cease to exist at the
end of their mortal lives.
But those who act upon those religions,
who promote them,
who use them to promote all means of
anti-Semitism and who attack Yahowah and
his Towrah and his people
that's why hell was built.
It's not a place of torture,
but it's a place of eternal incarceration,
which it'll be well-deserved.
You will have dug your own grave to,
quote,
So according to God,
the most popular traps for human souls are
of man's doing,
something that the leaders of these
popular religious and political
institutions have crafted to seize control
of the masses,
depositing them in a way that impoverishes
them.
Yahowah is also revealing that the heads of
these institutions have kept their
intentions secret.
that they have acted in a clandestine
manner,
such that they are not only deliberately
deceiving those who believe them,
as was the case of Paul and Peter
in Christianity,
Akiba and Maimonides in Judaism,
and Muhammad in Islam.
They realize, all of them,
that if the truth were known,
they would have no followers.
As a matter of fact, during their lives,
Muhammad was almost always alone.
virtually no one believed him.
The few that he attracted at the end
were attracted because of the promises of
lust in this life and the next and
of booty in this life and the next.
And they were in it for money and
sex,
not because there was something in the
Quran that sounded intelligent because
almost everyone that listened to Muhammad
rejected him.
The same thing was true with Paul.
Everyone who heard Paul,
according to his own writings,
rejected him.
It's something to think about, huh?
Yahowah is not only the antithesis of the
gods that men have fabricated in their own
image.
He is remarkably different and vastly
superior.
Yahowah has become recognizable and
knowable.
Yada, Yahowah.
what this says.
Yada Yahowah.
It's the title on the cover of every
one of the thirty-five books I have
written.
It's the name of the website.
YadaYah.com will take you to Yada Yahowah.
Yada means to know, to be familiar with,
to recognize, to acknowledge.
Yahowah is God's one and only name.
Yada Yahowah.
by the means to exercise good judgment and
resolve disputes.
The way that you come to yada, know,
recognize, acknowledge, respect,
and understand Yahowah is by Mishpat,
by exercising good judgment and making
intelligent decisions.
In rabbinic Judaism,
they'll tell you that it's not a Mishpat,
which would be to ponder the implications
of the instructions pursuant to making
intelligence decisions.
A Shaphat is a judge.
It's the process of deciding, as I say,
of exercising good decisions.
And the me prefix means to ponder the
implications of that.
They will tell you that a Mishpat,
which they'll spell differently just
because they don't like Yahowah's approach
to words,
is a law or rule that they have
somehow come to impose on Jews.
It's not the case.
These are instructions that you should
consider.
And if you think about them rationally,
they will lead you to Yada Yahowah,
I chose to be logical, systematic,
thorough,
and my close examination and careful
consideration of Yahowah's testimony
deriving what I could from the Dead Sea
Scrolls, and correcting the Mesoretic,
where the Dead Sea Scrolls testimony was
not extant,
and removed all of the diacritical
markings,
and therefore the religious malfeasance,
as well as religious definitions,
so that you could yada Yahowah,
as I have come to know Yahowah.
That is the purpose of the yadayah.com
website and all the books there.
And the process that I used was Mishpat.
I pondered the implications of making
rational and logical decisions,
which I then acted upon and engaged in,
ashah, which is exactly what this says.
You yadayahwa.
by making informed decisions and then
acting upon them and engaging in what you
have learned.
Go where the words lead is the best
example of that.
Those guilty of being wrong, he says,
Rasha,
those who are misled and who mislead,
the mistaken,
who are religious and fraudulent,
are ensnared by the deeds of their own
hands.
they meditate and reflect on this the
nature of religion the religious use their
religious slogans to justify their
religion when you tell them that listen
Paul admitted he was demon possessed he
committed virtually every rational fallacy
there is in his letters he never once
quoted his claimed
a caricature of Jesus Christ never once
quoted him which means he couldn't
represent him and every time that he tried
to cite evidence from the Towrah and
prophets from Yahowah he never mentioned
Yahowah's name never credited Yahowah with
that resource and never presented the
quote accurately always pulled it from a
broader statement always twisted it
misrepresented it misquoted God to give
the opposite impression of what God
actually said if you read it
completely correctly rendered and in
context.
And so they will take the words of
Paul and use them to justify Paul's lies.
It just make you want to shake your head
and say,
how in the world is it that so
many people can be so foolish and throw
away their own souls?
So since God can be known,
there is no reason for faith.
since the means to understand him is
through exercising good judgment,
believing is superfluous.
Therefore,
even if they were one percent right,
which they're not,
but let's just pretend they were,
still a counterfeit.
And that would be the nature of Judaism
and Christianity.
It's a counterfeit of what God said.
You know what a counterfeit bill is worth?
Jail time.
Beyond all of this,
Yahowah is stating that He is best known
by the way He has chosen to resolve
the kind of disputes which separate men
and women from Him,
which is through His Miqra'ey,
His invitations to be called out and meet
Pesach, Matsah, Biruwrym, Shabuw'ah, Taruw'ah, Kipurym, Sukah
He is revealing that He planned and then
personally acted on these appointed days.
Therefore,
our quest to more fully understand and
then capitalize upon his involvement in
the seven Miqra'ey is validated.
It is by seeing what God has done
for us that we find ourselves in a
relationship with him.
Men, on the other hand,
are trapped by their own devices,
according to Dowd, and he's right.
Religions are a snare designed to control
the unwary,
causing those who are caught within them
to be deprived of life and liberty.
And that's what Yahowah intends,
but not what religion does.
Claiming to have been appointed to serve
God,
religious institutions deprive their
converts and believers of what God is
actually offering, all of them.
Those guilty of religious malfeasance,
Dowd would continued to rasha
those who are invalid, fraudulent,
and unethical,
will be turned away unto Sheowl.
along with every Gentile nation and
institution which disrespects God.
Psalm nine, seventeen.
You know,
you have ultimately three choices with
what I'm sharing with you.
can choose to ignore it you can continue
to believe in Christianity, Islam, Socialism
maga-itism whatever it is that trips your
trigger you can be a conspirator
And at the end of your life,
your life will just be squandered and your
soul will dissipate into nothingness.
You were given free will.
You were given a Neshamah conscience.
You were given the opportunity and you
blow it.
And so there's no reward and there is
no penalty for you.
Your soul simply ceases to exist.
Two,
you can choose to promote your religion
over the word of God or your politics.
You can be one of those keyboard jihadists
on X or on Facebook or on Instagram,
and you can condemn the very Word of
God.
You can condemn me for speaking for God.
There's plenty of people that are doing
that.
But those who are guilty of such
malfeasance, who are invalid,
who are unethical,
who are being deceitful,
who are flat out wrong,
Well, according to this inspired text,
they have turned themselves away from God
such that they are headed to Sheowl.
You know, we look today,
we saw a woman who is preoccupied with
trying to slander me,
who I don't even know, never did know,
never met.
And that's consumed her.
And when she started posting just
despicable things and then was supported
by a psychopath that decided that she
would also make that her life's mission to
beguile anyone who would follow her.
They've gone back dark again now.
and she started supporting this psychotic
woman you know i spoke out i said
you know what they're saying is untrue and
they've written themselves into a terrible
position but the fact is they shouldn't be
concerned with what i have come to think
of their despicable diabolical appalling
actions their unethical behavior because
god's laid it out
They're going to Sheowl.
They wrote themselves a ticket directly to
Sheowl.
I can't change that.
I don't want to change that.
They can't change it now.
It's over.
There has to be a consequence,
and there is,
for getting in the way and speaking
against those that God has chosen,
not only to fulfill his plan of salvation,
but to convey it as well.
God told us quite some time ago in
the Towrah that he was going to choose
people and speak through them and that he
was going to designate and make known
those he was going to communicate through.
And told you a lot about this job
that I'm doing now and that Dowd has
done as well.
And so you can ignore us.
Your soul will dissipate into nothingness.
You can fight us.
And
You have earned an express ticket to
Sheowl, just as this says.
Or you can trust what we're saying.
You can go and read the books.
You can listen to these programs.
You can do your own validation.
You can grow in knowledge and capitalize
on it and end up in the covenant
and in Shamaym with God, with heaven.
That's your choice.
Three options.
what you choose is up to you now
this says that every gentile nation and
institution is responsible for leading
people to Sheowl because they disrespect
god so every gentile institution and
nation that is would be labeled for
disrespecting god would be those that
erased his name Judaism Christianity Islam
Socialism,
the Magas are all disrespectful of God.
They've all led people away from Yahowah,
away from Shamaym and to Sheowl, hell.
So the subject here is defined as Rasha,
a word which describes a prevalence of
widespread criminal
enterprise engaged in religious
malfeasance.
God uses Rasha to depict those who are
wrong, both inappropriate and revolting,
evil and wicked, corrupt and corrupting.
The Rasha are misled and misleading in
return.
They are invalid, fraudulent,
and unethical.
They lead others astray and do so
knowingly.
To be Rasha is to be deceitful, corrupt,
and ungodly.
It depicts those who lack ethics and who
are culpable of crimes against humanity,
and particularly against Israel and the
Jewish people.
They are opposed to what is right.
They have done and spoken things which are
not only inappropriate,
but they are confusing to the point that
they are condemnable.
Rasha has a face.
Sha'uwl is evidence of this.
He is Paul, Muhammad, Allah, Jesus.
Gentiles have a cause disrespecting God
and a consequence being dispatched to
Sheowl.
This derogatory term is attributed to
non-Yisraelite nations and institutions.
Nations like America.
Institutions like the Roman Catholic
Church.
They are taking so many souls to Sheowl
because too many people act out in favor
of them, supporting them.
To support Donald Trump, for example,
who is obviously demonically compromised.
He is the corporeal manifestation of
Satan.
He is the great betrayer that the prophet
spoke.
To support him is to earn a ticket
to Sheowl.
I'm sorry,
but that's just the way it is.
They are
have become errant and malicious with
regard to God and His people and so
contemptible and their disrespect of
Yahowah and Yisrael and Yahuwdym and the
Towrah and the Beryth and the Mashyach,
the Ben Elohim.
They're promoting this myth of a man
becoming God.
God's not a man.
They're pretending that the death of their
God had some impact on life.
God can't be killed.
What in the world is wrong with people?
There was no Jesus living in the first
century in the province of Yahuwdah.
It's such an obvious fraud,
and yet they promote it.
I mean,
there is no dumber book ever written than
the Quran,
and yet there are people who go off
and kill for it.
Why?
Why are people this insane?
God's not going to allow such people into
heaven.
He can't stand them here on earth.
And for those who have acted out against
his people because of these religions,
look what Christianity did.
It created the culture for the Holocaust.
It is the reason for the shadows and
the dehumanizing of Jews.
It's the reason that anti-Semitism exists
today.
God's not going to look the other way.
Their premeditated promotion of false gods
has the real God condemning them.
Yahowah's disdain for Gentile nations and
institutions,
swayed by Sha'uwl Paul's toxic diatribes in
the Christian New Testament and his
poisonous scribbles,
as well as the non-Yisraelite individuals
who are Rasha wrong,
is not only the driving force behind this
Mizmowr, this psalm,
which Dowd is trying to get your attention
and saying, don't be part of those things.
This is the consequence.
Leave them so that you're not dragged into
hell with them.
So consider this a prophetic warning
against the stupidity of replacement
theology that is the foundation of
Christianity.
and especially the religious and political
manifestation of Babylon,
which is the Roman Catholic Church,
religiously and politically,
the United States.
The operative verb in this statement,
it was shuwb, which means to turn,
and thus describes having one's course
changed,
either altered or swayed by compulsion or
choice.
And in this case, it is by Sha'uwl,
Paul, and to Sheowl, hell.
That's a dire warning for Gentiles,
their nations and their institutions,
regardless of whether you render Sha'uwl as
the person Yahowah called the plague of
death, Paul, and the father of lies,
or Sheowl,
which is the place of eternal separation
known as hell.
Gentiles are influenced by one and headed
to the other.
Their rendezvous with God in judgment is
going to be brief and highly unpleasant.
So whether it's Paul's New Testament,
Akiba's Talmud, Muhammad's Quran,
or a liberal man's progressive agenda,
the result has been that the overwhelming
preponderance of the world's population
has become oblivious to Yahowah's name,
his nature, his testimony, his family,
his people, his plan,
and those he has chosen to work with
him.
Humankind has been allowed to exercise
free will,
and in so doing has made a mess
of things,
and it's going to get progressively worse
over these next seven years.
Now,
this is not intended to be a referendum
on individual souls,
but instead on human institutions,
nations, and empires.
While people are both good and bad,
right and wrong, as a larger group,
The larger the institution,
the bigger the gang,
the worse humanity becomes.
So by contrast,
the plight of those willing to receive
deliverance who consent to and accept the
offer of assistance will not be forgotten.
For this exception,
on behalf of those who are responsive,
it will not be forestalled,
it will not be
squandered forever.
So that was nine, eighteen.
The difference between the experience in
Sheowl versus Shamaym is as vast as seven
dimensions are from one.
Sheowl is one dimensional.
Shamaym is seven.
As extreme as volition is to
incarceration.
as vast as the ultimately expansive and
liberating is from the infinitesimally
small and confining.
And yet one word may be all which
separates them, anah, responsiveness.
why I have this job.
Long ago, and often throughout time,
I've been responsive.
I've been willing to reply when God has
asked.
Doesn't need a lot from us, does he?
We have been invited to attend the Mow'ed
Miqra'ey,
and our reply leads to our participation
and to the benefits of the Beryth
covenant.
collectively, our answer to them,
to the Beryth and to the Mow'ed,
opens heaven's door.
And it does so for the Ebownym,
those willing and desirous of accepting
such assistance.
This perspective on the Towrah central
theme has long been forgotten,
indeed squandered,
lost under the onslaught of religious
edicts and laws.
This will not always be the case.
Soon,
there will be a revival of expectations
and a time of responsiveness.
Father and Son are reuniting on a date
that is certain,
and they will be offering reconciliation
to those who are willing to accept their
offer.
All of this will play out on the
greatest show on earth, on Taruwah,
leading to their return on Kipurym.
One of the most interesting internal
studies of Jews,
particularly at the time Christians and
Judaism were fermenting,
involves the Ebonites who were mentioned
in this last statement.
They're ethnic Jews who based their
identity on Ebonom,
which is being responsive.
We know
very little about them,
but what we do know is subject to
considerable religious malfeasance.
To their credit,
they were resolutely Towrah observant.
and they recognized that ha Mashyach had
come to fulfill Passover, Pesach.
And as a result,
they were overtly hostile to Peter and
Paul.
They rejected everything these men wrote
and said.
They are the only reason that we have
some record of what Dowd as the Messiah
and as the upcoming Passover lamb revealed
during the Sermon on the Mount and later
during the Olivet Discourse, two speeches,
They happen to be the longest in the
New Testament,
and they're both overtly condemning of the
religion of Christianity.
But they made it end because, well,
Matthew is a study in plagiarism.
He plagiarized from three sources,
from Mark, from Luke,
which seventy percent of the book came,
and the remaining twenty-five to thirty
percent came from the Ebownym,
who gave him the Olivet Discourse and the
Sermon on the Mount,
both delivered by Dowd.
retained by the Ebonites.
And this is because, well,
they were largely right.
They were opposed to almost every other
faction in the Jewish community.
And while viciously and relentlessly
attacked by Sha'uwl Paul as Judaizers,
ultimately it was Rabbi Akiba who
destroyed them for being opposed to his
creation of rabbinical Judaism.
and for protesting against the false
messiah of Bar Kokhba that brought Jews to
their knees, caused the diaspora,
and was responsible for the land being
renamed Palestine.
So Yahowah is not forgetting his chosen
people,
reminding Yahuwdym that he still cares
about them and that he is committed to
liberating them from ongoing abuse,
abuse that men have heaped upon them,
particularly Christians and under the
practice of Judaism as well.
That's the thrust behind this prophecy.
Without exception,
we can confidently expect everything
Yahowah has promised to be fulfilled.
And this remains especially true for the
Israelites because they have been the
recipients of Yahowah's promises.
But please note the caveat.
This positive outcome is directed towards
the Ebownym
It's ebe yown
all things pursuant to the ebb and the
hand of God.
Those who seek liberation and yearn for a
better life,
who are open and willing to accept what
God is offering.
So this is one of the many places
where the actionable root speaks as loudly
as the noun derived from it.
Ebownym is from Abba,
which is to earnestly desire, acceptance.
God's offer is open to everyone,
but only those who accept will benefit.
So this reads, your desire is to arise,
to take a stand and to encourage Yahowah.
do not allow mortal man to prevail by
becoming controlling, oppressive,
and overbearing.
The gentile institutions must be judged
upon your appearance.
Psalm nine, nineteen.
So the religious and political ways of man
are indelibly intertwined,
according to this inspired text.
and they are debilitating.
This must end for heaven on earth to
begin.
So recognize that the one making this
request of Yahowah is Dowd,
our Messiah and King.
And as such,
Father and Son are not coming back to
redeem mankind,
but instead to thwart the human religious
and political schemes of mankind before
they destroy the planet.
So this statement pits the family of man
against the covenant and Dowd,
against his people, Yahuwdym,
and against the family of God,
Yisrael and the Beryth.
Now that's profoundly important.
So this statement also provides a
refutation of the counterproductive notion
found in today's Christian New Testament.
Judge not lest you be judged.
Since God is taking a stand against the
schemes of mortal men,
since he is judging the Gentiles,
we would be right to do the same.
It is only by exercising good judgment
And by being discerning,
this was when my and Shaphat,
Mishpat was combined.
And I shared with you that it's from
my,
which means to ponder the implications of
and Shaphat to judge.
God's encouraging that in us.
It is what leads us to Yada Yahowah.
So Gentiles estranged from Yahowah and
opposed to Israel will not endure God's
return.
Whether they be counted among Christians,
Muslims, or socialists, conspirators,
or caste-imposing Hindus,
they will be seen as an impediment to
peace upon his return for his people.
As part of Gowym nations and institutions,
they remain estranged and will remain so.
As mere mortals, they will not survive.
The Messiah is clearly not amused by their
religion or their politics,
their militaristic stance or their
conspiratorial ways.
He would ask of Yahowah,
it is my choice in your decision to
constitute and impose upon them a sense of
dread and fear of the disconcerting
revelation, Yahowah,
that the Gentiles realize that they are
mortal.
Please pause and reflect upon this.
Psalm nine, twenty.
In a way,
Christians have been right about one thing
all along.
God is coming for their church.
It's just that he's going to annihilate
it.
There are only two ways to get out
of this life alive, one good,
the other bad.
Those whose souls are not extinguished
will either spend eternity in Shamaym with
Dowd or in Sheowl with Sha'uwl.
They are either Tsadaq right or Rasha
wrong.
So prior to composing these translations,
I was unaware that the initial Mizmowr were
all written prophetically of Dowd's role
in the fulfillment of the Mow'edym,
from Pesach to Sukah to the last days.
Between Kipurym and Sukah,
there will be a time of conflict.
Actually,
I think it's mostly going to take place
on Taruwah, between Yahuwdym and Gowym.
In fact,
that seven years of conflict begins this
year,
Shabuwah,
the twenty-second of May of
twenty-twenty-six and continues through
Taruwah, the twenty-fourth of September,
twenty-thirty-three.
It's going to be dreadful and it's going
to be very contentious.
Jews against Jews and Yahuwdym against
Gowym and many are going to die.
And the banner of chaos is going to
be waved by none other than Donald Trump,
who is the corporeal manifestation of
ha-Satan.
This is religion and politics against the
very covenant that God intended.
So that's the conclusion of the Ninth
Mizmowr.
So as our custom has been throughout this
process,
let's reconsider Dowd's statements without
interruption,
and that'll be the close of our program.
It begins to the enduring guide and
everlasting director upon the death of a
son, a mizmowr,
a melody and lyrics of Dowd, the beloved.
I express my appreciation to Yahowah with
my whole heart and my best judgment.
I want to recount in writing all of
your wonderful deeds and amazing
revelations.
Yes, the son that will offer his life
makes it possible for Dowd to return as
king with Yahowah,
taking place on Taruwah as the Adam of
Parah, just seven years from now.
And that is what he is celebrating.
It's one of the great events in the
history of humankind,
and Dowd wants to express his appreciation
for it.
And he wants to recount it,
which he is doing now in writing.
I will rejoice and jubilantly express my
admiration, celebrating with you.
I want to sing to your godly name.
This is important because Dowd is the one
who is offering to fulfill Pesach with his
Basar body and then fulfill Matsah
entering Sheowl to remove our guilt with
his nephesh soul.
through this enormously courageous and
compassionate act,
Dowd is also realizing that he did not
act alone, that there will be another.
And he's celebrating the fact that that
other restores his resume,
restores his reputation,
makes it possible for him to return as
king,
works to assure that there is a mortal
remnant to be there when he returns,
that there will be a homecoming.
And he is giving thanks.
and showing his appreciation for that.
With the turning away of my enemies,
those with animosity and rancor towards
me,
they will stumble back as they were
expelled from your presence.
During Taruwah,
when all of this takes place,
Yahowah is going to rid the world,
the entire planet,
of those in opposition to Yisrael,
to Dowd, to Yahowah, to Yahuwdym,
means that all traces of the religious
will be gone, the conspiratorial,
the anti-Semitic, the overtly political.
For you have acted upon and engaged in
my decision-making process regarding my
means to resolve disputes and my ability
to judge between and distinguish between
right and wrong.
You have established the approach to the
seat of honor and authority,
and you have rendered the right decision
and have judged fairly,
being rational and just.
That seat of honor is Dowd's throne.
It's the mercy seat of the Ark of
the Covenant.
It's going to be as brilliant as the
sun upon Dowd's return with Yahowah.
You will rebuke and recommend and
reprimand,
convict and censure the gowym Gentiles.
You will, in a moment in time,
expel and exterminate those who are
misleading and mistaken,
the guilty and wrong.
This certainly doesn't give much room for
a Gentile church, does it?
This says that the Gowym are wrong with
their institutions.
Therefore, their Roman Catholic Church,
which is the largest of them, is wrong.
Therefore, nations of Gentiles,
like the most powerful,
would be the United States.
Currently,
the economic engine of the world would be
China.
Most successful at weapons of war today
would be Russia.
It says that they're all wrong.
These nations are going to cease to exist.
They're anti-Yahowah,
as well as the institutions of Judaism,
Christianity, and Islam.
There's nothing wrong with the ethnicity
of Gowym.
It's their institutions.
It's their nations that have been so
hostile to Yahowah, to Yisrael, to Yahuwdym.
Their names and designations you will have
blotted out forevermore,
including their testimony.
There will be no New Testament.
No gospels, no Zohar, no Talmud, no Quran,
no communist manifesto,
no political agendas or platitudes,
all gone.
All of it has to be wiped away
for Yahowah to reestablish the conditions
that existed in Eden over the entire earth
for us to celebrate a thousand years of
camping out together.
As a result,
the adversary will cease and be finished.
He's going to be incarcerated and held
accountable beginning on the twenty fourth
of September of twenty thirty three as
part of the festivities of Yom Taruwah.
all in a state of ruin,
deserted and wasted forever.
Additionally,
you will uproot and destroy cities and
shrines and temples such that the
remembrance of them ceases to exist.
For God to usher in the conditions that
were experienced in the garden,
transforming the whole world,
to that kind of a pristine opportunity,
all traces of religion, politics,
militarism, conspiracy,
and anti-Semitism must go.
That is what's being said here.
You can count on it.
Seven years from now,
there won't be a trace of Christianity,
Judaism, Islam, Marxism, socialism,
communism, MAGAs, none of it,
conspiratorialism.
It's all gone.
So then Yahowah, he lives forevermore,
established,
especially in the establishing,
I should say,
the eternal dwelling place for his seat of
honor.
His seat of honor is God's throne.
It's the mercy seat of the Ark of
the Covenant.
on behalf of those who exercise good
judgment regarding the way to resolve
disputes.
If you want to be among the few
who are considered covenant,
who enter Yahowah's loving embrace,
then you will need to benefit from that
seat of honor.
You need to know whose designation it
belongs to and how it is prepared for
your arrival with the smattering of the
blood of a bull and a goat on
it.
And who is that bull?
Who is that goat?
You need to understand these things and
capitalize upon them if you're going to
benefit.
Then he himself will execute judgment on
this perverse and confused world,
doing so correctly and fairly,
judging the nations and the people who are
religious and political in a
straightforward and equitable manner in
conformance with the established standard.
There will be accountability.
I mean, you can, as I say,
do one of three things with your soul.
You can allow it to continue to be
misled by social media, by politics,
by conspiracy, by religion,
and your soul will cease to exist when
you die,
which will be within the next seven years.
You can choose to oppose what I'm saying
or oppose me, oppose Dowd, oppose Yisrael,
oppose Yahowah,
and work on behalf of some political
agenda, militant agenda,
conspiratorial agenda,
or religious agenda,
and your soul will be sent to Sheowl
for eternal incarceration.
Or you can accept what we're sharing with
you.
recognize that Dowd is the messiah the son
of god that Yahowah is god's name that
he has one covenant and that covenant has
five conditions and five benefits and the
benefits are delivered uh through your
attendance in response to the Mowedym you
need to know what those things are and
how to capitalize upon them and you can
listen to these programs and learn that or
go to yada.com and read the books again
not trying to sell you anything they're
all free
You can choose to capitalize and benefit
from them or not.
It's totally up to you.
Therefore,
Yahowah exists as a safe and secure place
to dwell for those who have been harassed,
afflicted, and slandered.
A safe and secure place of refuge as
troubling times approach.
Those troubling times, this is
Mizmowr, nine, nine,
begin in just a hundred days.
Then those who know and acknowledge Yada,
your name, they will trust and rely upon,
because indeed you have not and will not
abandon or forsake them.
You will never abandon those who seek to
know you, Yahowah.
If you want to Yada Yahowah,
then you should go to yadayahowah.com.
Seriously, it's pretty straightforward.
You want to
Yada Yahowah, know Yahowah,
then go to yadayahowah.com or the short
version of it is YadaYah.com.
It means to know Yahowah.
That is all we're trying to do.
We're trying to familiarize those who are
not religious,
who are not overtly political,
who are not conspiratorial,
who are not antagonistic towards the Jews
or towards God,
and who are not overtly militaristic,
We are trying to provide the information
you need to Yada Yahowah
Again,
what you do with it is up to
you.
My job was strictly to share it with
you,
to come to know it and to provide
the answers should you want them.
YadaYah.com.
Should you want to sing or you should
want to sing as a result to Yahowah,
who establishes a dwelling place on Zion
among the signs that are posted along the
way.
Of your own volition,
choose to report among people and family
what he has done.
You know,
you're not going to be part of this
covenant if your goal is,
I won't be saved.
Tell me what I need to do to
be saved.
And then expect somebody to spoon feed you
what you need to know.
would be totally counterproductive and
inappropriate.
Those people who say, well,
just tell me what I need to know.
No,
I'm not going to do that because then
you might act upon it and be a
deadbeat that would make eternity worse
for the rest of us.
God's not trying to save everybody.
I'm not trying to save everybody.
Listen,
I'm fine with the idea of there being
a hundred people that enter Shamaym in the
seventh dimension.
God would be fine with that.
It's making sure that the people that are
there, the souls that are there,
know who Yahowah is, love His name,
adore His Son,
appreciate what His Son has accomplished
for us,
appreciate the sacrifice that
manifest through and the benefits of the
seven Mowedym they love and enjoy
everything associated with that Beryth
covenant and as a result of being
observant closely examining and carefully
considering the things of god they have
responded and made a contribution they're
not dead beats they're don't have a sense
of entitlement they're not dependents
they're making the covenant better they're
making
the relationship better.
They're making the world a better place to
live in by acting, by engaging, by doing.
And when they make a mistake,
when they trip and fall,
they get back up,
they correct what they have said that is
wrong,
and they learn from it and go forward.
You need to engage.
You need to be among those getting it
done.
Indeed,
He who accounts for blood is mindful of
them.
He will not overlook or forget these cries
of distress,
these screams of pain of the miserably
afflicted.
God can't be just if he just forgives.
This idea that
He will forgive everybody that he wants to
be forgiven.
It's just nonsense.
He doesn't.
And it makes it clear.
This is Psalm nine, twelve.
If you've been associated with promoting
Islam that has been so lethal to Jews
and has killed two hundred million people
and you claim that is something good that
you're promoting and you're in trouble.
If you are an advocate for Christianity
and all it's done to demonize and
dehumanize Jews and lead to the deaths of
Jews and the pogroms and then the
Holocaust,
then you're in trouble with God.
If you're conspiratorial and are abusing
God's people,
trying to blame them for all manner of
things,
then you're in serious trouble with God.
You need to get your act together.
I'm not inviting you to heaven.
I don't want you to read these books.
I don't want you to learn from them.
But I'm advising you to stop doing what
you're doing,
because rather than your soul simply
ceasing to exist,
it's going to spend all eternity in Sheowl.
Your choice.
So you have chosen to be generous and
to favor me, Dowd says to Yahowah.
Yahowah, by choice,
you have seen my tremendous dedication to
accomplishing the mission and being a
witness and my frustration over the abuse
that I've endured as a result of
responding and accomplishing the goal from
those who dislike and who shun me as
those who will also be those who lift
me up and honor me from the gates
of death.
You are going to be on one side or
the other of the door that Dowd has
provided the means to open.
He fulfilled Passover,
which is the doorway to life.
You can accept what he did by knowing
what he did and appreciating the purpose
of Passover and Dowd's fulfillment of it,
and therefore renouncing the myth of
Christianity and of the mythos of Judaism
and of Islam, and accept what Dowd did.
Benefit from it.
Capitalize on it.
And you're on the right side of that
door of life.
Also,
acknowledging what happened on Matsah,
because it's even more important than
becoming immortal on Pesach,
because you will be immortal,
but unfortunately on the wrong side of
that door.
You don't have your guilt removed from
you.
So he's celebrating the benefit and also
acknowledging the opposite,
that there is a line drawn on the
sand and it was drawn with blood on
Passover.
as the first day of Chag Matsah.
As a result,
I have chosen to recount and proclaim,
providing a written record of all of your
superlative accomplishments and adorable
contributions,
and a song of appreciation within the
doorway of the open environs of Zion where
these signs are posted along the way.
I will take great pleasure in rejoicing
and celebrating your liberation,
deliverance, and salvation.
which they accomplished in a collaborative
effort.
The Gentiles will have sunk down and have
been embedded into the pit of destruction
which they have fashioned.
What is the most popular Gentile
institution in world history?
The Roman Catholic Church.
What's the most powerful Gentile nation in
history?
It was Rome,
and now it's the United States.
They have dug a pit of their own
destruction.
which they have fashioned into
impoverishing and the destructive trap of
disinheritance, which they have concealed.
Their feet, their stance,
and their every step are captured in this
trap that they have made.
Mizmowr
nine, fifteen.
Yahowah has become recognizable.
He is knowable.
There is Yada Yahowah by means to exercise
good judgment and then engage.
based upon it.
You can yada yada, yada Yahowah,
by exercising good judgment,
reading the books at YadaYah.com.
That's why they're there.
That is what this prophecy is speaking
about.
And then once you have read them,
then engage, asah, act accordingly.
Those guilty of being wrong,
those who mislead and are misled are
ensnared.
They're controlled by the deeds of their
own hands.
They have done this to themselves.
Ponder the implications.
Those guilty of religious malfeasance unto
Sheowl.
They will go along with almost every
Gentile nation and institution which
disrespects God.
What is the largest Gentile institution?
May I remind you again?
The Roman Catholic Church.
What's the next largest?
The community, the Umrah of Islam.
What's the most powerful Gentile nation?
Well,
it was Rome and now it's the United
States.
They all disrespect God.
They won't say Yahowah's name.
They won't acknowledge that it's Dowd who
is the Son of God,
the returning King and the Messiah,
who is our Savior.
By contrast,
the flight of those who receive
deliverance and who act upon this
liberation and assistance,
who are responsive, yearning for better,
the ebyown, they will not be forgotten.
For this expectation on behalf of those
who are responsive, anah,
they will not be forestalled.
They will not have their lives squandered.
Your desire is to arise,
to take a stand, to establish,
encouraging,
while providing validation and proof.
Yahowah,
God provided proof of his existence and
his inspiration of the words that I am
reading through prophecy.
You should know that.
You should capitalize upon it.
Do not allow mortal man to prevail by
being controlling.
That would be oppressive and religious.
The ways that mortal man prevails through
religion and our...
prevails by being controlling and
oppressive and overbearing is through
religion and politics.
Those are the two schemes of man in
this regard.
Gentile institutions, therefore,
their controlling schemes,
their oppressive schemes,
religion and politics must be judged.
They must be condemned and they will so
by your appearance.
You and I are in agreement in this,
that it is best if you constitute and
impose upon them a sense of dread and
fear.
You should.
If you are religious,
it doesn't matter if it's
the caste system of the Hindu religion or
the controlling nature of communism and
socialism,
or if it is the perverse nature and
the controls that are imposed by Judaism
or this hellish abortion that is
Christianity or the satanic nature of
Islam.
If you are an advocate for one of
these, you should be in dread.
fearful of the realization that is born
out of this instruction that Yahowah is
providing,
that the Gentiles realize that they are
mortal, they are just men,
and their souls will not continue.
Pause now and reflect on this.
From beginning to end,
it is one consistent story.
And it all exists for a single purpose,
which is to call us home.
I thank you for listening.
I'm sorry we went a little longer than
anticipated,
but I knew we were near the end
and wanted to conclude the ninth Mizmowr
because it's actually the conclusion
of volume one of Coming Home.
I look forward to commencing our review of
volume two of Coming Home.
as we continue this series.
And for those that are interested,
I'm spending most of my time,
less time now on social media and more
time translating and writing to stay ahead
of where we are in our series on
the final word picture.
that is now deep into the analysis of
who wrote the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
when it was actually delivered,
what it accomplished,
and what it means to our lives today.
It's the greatest song ever written,
and I want to share more of that
with you as we continue.
So I'm spending much of my time working
on that so we can make it part
of the Yahowah vlog.
Thank you for listening.
Good day.